Same AZ is easy. CLuster placement group and ENA - I'm not sure where to configure it.

● Both are AWS EC2 configuration, not something in this repo — here's how to set them up:

  Cluster Placement Group

  Console:
  1. EC2 Console → Network & Security → Placement Groups → Create placement group
  2. Name it (e.g. xmq-bench-cluster), strategy = Cluster, create.
  3. When launching each instance (broker and every client instance), under Advanced details → Placement
  group, select it.

  CLI:
  aws ec2 create-placement-group --group-name xmq-bench-cluster --strategy cluster

  aws ec2 run-instances ... \
    --placement "GroupName=xmq-bench-cluster,AvailabilityZone=us-east-1a"

  Gotchas worth knowing before you commit to this for the 1M-connection run:
  - A cluster placement group is pinned to a single AZ the moment the first instance lands in it — fine
  since you've already decided same-AZ.
  - Capacity risk: packing many instances into one physical cluster can hit InsufficientInstanceCapacity,
  especially if you scale up gradually rather than launching everything at once. Launch the broker + all
  client instances together in one batch (or via an ASG/launch template) rather than one-by-one to maximize
  the odds AWS can place them all.
  - Pick a current-gen, network-optimized type for both broker and clients — c5n/c6in/m6in etc. (the "n"
  suffix = enhanced network bandwidth, up to 100 Gbps). Avoid t3/t2 burstable types for this — their network
  performance isn't consistent enough for a latency benchmark.


 ENA (Enhanced Networking)

  Good news: on any current-gen Nitro-based instance type with a recent AMI (Amazon Linux 2/2023, Ubuntu
  20.04+), ENA is on by default — nothing to configure. It only becomes a manual step if you're using an
  old/custom AMI or an older instance family.

  To confirm it's actually active once instances are up:
  # from your machine, against a running instance:
  aws ec2 describe-instances --instance-ids i-xxxx \
    --query "Reservations[].Instances[].EnaSupport"

  # from inside the instance itself:
  ethtool -i ens5   # primary NIC on Nitro instances (may be eth0 on older AMIs)
  # look for: driver: ena

  Practical takeaway: pick a network-optimized current-gen type + recent AMI and ENA is free; the placement
  group is the only thing you actually have to remember to do. Once it's up, worth re-running the same ping
  sanity check we just did on your LAN to confirm you're actually landing in the sub-0.1–0.3ms range before
  trusting the benchmark numbers.
